README.md, before:

<p align="center">
  <img src="https://github.com/kabirnayeem99/android_paymentpaid_app/blob/main/github_assets/icon.png" width="100">
</p>
<h1 align="center">PPayed</h1>
<h3 align="center">FOSS Payment Manager Android Application</h3>

<p align="center">
  <a href="https://www.gnu.org/licenses/gpl-3.0.en.html">
    <img src="https://github.com/kabirnayeem99/PPayed/workflows/Build%20Status/badge.svg">
  </a>

  <a href="https://www.gnu.org/licenses/gpl-3.0.en.html">
    <img src="https://github.com/kabirnayeem99/PPayed/workflows/CodeQL/badge.svg">
    
  </a>
</p>

### About the project
PPayed is your payment management app for your contract-based works.

It is fully open source, and requires little to no permission, even doesn't ask for the internet permission.

By using the app and reporting bugs and issues, help me to make the app more useful for you. 

This application is developed by Naimul Kabir and released under the GNU GPLv2.


## Features

The android app lets you:
- Keep track of your contract works.
- Add work including client's name, submission date and payment.
- Keep track of monthly payments and total income the respective year.
- Use the app without any unnecessary permissions.
- Have a great experience with a functional UX and eye-soothing material design UI. 
- Have an ad-free experience.

## Screenshots

[<img src="https://github.com/kabirnayeem99/android_paymentpaid_app/blob/main/github_assets/login_screen.png" align="center"
width="200"
    hspace="10" vspace="10">](https://github.com/kabirnayeem99/android_paymentpaid_app/blob/main/github_assets/login_screen.png)
[<img src="https://github.com/kabirnayeem99/android_paymentpaid_app/blob/main/github_assets/bar.png" align="center"
width="200"
    hspace="10" vspace="10">](https://github.com/kabirnayeem99/android_paymentpaid_app/blob/main/github_assets/bar.png)
[<img src="https://github.com/kabirnayeem99/android_paymentpaid_app/blob/main/github_assets/work_screen.png" align="center"
width="200"
    hspace="10" vspace="10">](https://github.com/kabirnayeem99/android_paymentpaid_app/blob/main/github_assets/work_screen.png)
[<img src="https://github.com/kabirnayeem99/android_paymentpaid_app/blob/main/github_assets/payment_screen.png" align="center"
width="200"
    hspace="10" vspace="10">](https://github.com/kabirnayeem99/android_paymentpaid_app/blob/main/github_assets/payment_screen.png)
[<img src="https://github.com/kabirnayeem99/android_paymentpaid_app/blob/main/github_assets/add_new_work_screen.png" align="center"
width="200"
    hspace="10" vspace="10">](https://github.com/kabirnayeem99/android_paymentpaid_app/blob/main/github_assets/add_new_work_screen.png)
[<img src="https://github.com/kabirnayeem99/android_paymentpaid_app/blob/main/github_assets/about_screen.png" align="center"
width="200"
    hspace="10" vspace="10">](https://github.com/kabirnayeem99/android_paymentpaid_app/blob/main/github_assets/about_screen.png)
[<img src="https://github.com/kabirnayeem99/android_paymentpaid_app/blob/main/github_assets/analytics_screen.png" align="center"
width="200"
    hspace="10" vspace="10">](https://github.com/kabirnayeem99/android_paymentpaid_app/blob/main/github_assets/analytics_screen.png)

## Built with

- [Android Studio & SDK Tools](https://developer.android.com/studio/) - Fastest tools for building apps on every type of Android device.
- [Android Jetpack](https://developer.android.com/jetpack) - Libraries to help developers follow best practices, reduce boilerplate code, and write code that works consistently across Android versions and devices.
- [Material About Library](https://github.com/daniel-stoneuk/material-about-library) - Makes it easy to create a beautiful about screen.
- [MPAndroidChart](https://github.com/PhilJay/MPAndroidChart) - A powerful & easy to use chart library for Android


## Contributing

PPayed app is a free and open source project. Any contributions are welcome. Here are a few ways you can help:
 * [Report bugs and make suggestions.](https://github.com/kabirnayeem99/android_paymentpaid_app/issues)
 * [Translate the app](https://github.com/kabirnayeem99/PPayed/tree/main/app/src/main/res).
 * Write some code. Please follow the code style used in the project to make a review process faster.

## License

This application is released under GNU GPLv2 (see [LICENSE](LICENSE)).
Some of the used libraries are released under different licenses.

Commit message:

👌 improve: updates readme
Adds  new library in built with section

README.md, after:

<p align="center">
  <img src="https://github.com/kabirnayeem99/android_paymentpaid_app/blob/main/github_assets/icon.png" width="100">
</p>
<h1 align="center">PPayed</h1>
<h3 align="center">FOSS Payment Manager Android Application</h3>

<p align="center">
  <a href="https://www.gnu.org/licenses/gpl-3.0.en.html">
    <img src="https://github.com/kabirnayeem99/PPayed/workflows/Build%20Status/badge.svg">
  </a>

  <a href="https://www.gnu.org/licenses/gpl-3.0.en.html">
    <img src="https://github.com/kabirnayeem99/PPayed/workflows/CodeQL/badge.svg">
    
  </a>
</p>

### About the project
PPayed is your payment management app for your contract-based works.

It is fully open source, and requires little to no permission, even doesn't ask for the internet permission.

By using the app and reporting bugs and issues, help me to make the app more useful for you. 

This application is developed by Naimul Kabir and released under the GNU GPLv2.


## Features

The android app lets you:
- Keep track of your contract works.
- Add work including client's name, submission date and payment.
- Keep track of monthly payments and total income the respective year.
- Use the app without any unnecessary permissions.
- Have a great experience with a functional UX and eye-soothing material design UI. 
- Have an ad-free experience.

## Screenshots

[<img src="https://github.com/kabirnayeem99/android_paymentpaid_app/blob/main/github_assets/login_screen.png" align="center"
width="200"
    hspace="10" vspace="10">](https://github.com/kabirnayeem99/android_paymentpaid_app/blob/main/github_assets/login_screen.png)
[<img src="https://github.com/kabirnayeem99/android_paymentpaid_app/blob/main/github_assets/bar.png" align="center"
width="200"
    hspace="10" vspace="10">](https://github.com/kabirnayeem99/android_paymentpaid_app/blob/main/github_assets/bar.png)
[<img src="https://github.com/kabirnayeem99/android_paymentpaid_app/blob/main/github_assets/work_screen.png" align="center"
width="200"
    hspace="10" vspace="10">](https://github.com/kabirnayeem99/android_paymentpaid_app/blob/main/github_assets/work_screen.png)
[<img src="https://github.com/kabirnayeem99/android_paymentpaid_app/blob/main/github_assets/payment_screen.png" align="center"
width="200"
    hspace="10" vspace="10">](https://github.com/kabirnayeem99/android_paymentpaid_app/blob/main/github_assets/payment_screen.png)
[<img src="https://github.com/kabirnayeem99/android_paymentpaid_app/blob/main/github_assets/add_new_work_screen.png" align="center"
width="200"
    hspace="10" vspace="10">](https://github.com/kabirnayeem99/android_paymentpaid_app/blob/main/github_assets/add_new_work_screen.png)
[<img src="https://github.com/kabirnayeem99/android_paymentpaid_app/blob/main/github_assets/about_screen.png" align="center"
width="200"
    hspace="10" vspace="10">](https://github.com/kabirnayeem99/android_paymentpaid_app/blob/main/github_assets/about_screen.png)
[<img src="https://github.com/kabirnayeem99/android_paymentpaid_app/blob/main/github_assets/analytics_screen.png" align="center"
width="200"
    hspace="10" vspace="10">](https://github.com/kabirnayeem99/android_paymentpaid_app/blob/main/github_assets/analytics_screen.png)

## Built with

- [Android Studio & SDK Tools](https://developer.android.com/studio/) - Fastest tools for building apps on every type of Android device.
- [Android Jetpack](https://developer.android.com/jetpack) - Libraries to help developers follow best practices, reduce boilerplate code, and write code that works consistently across Android versions and devices.
- [Material About Library](https://github.com/daniel-stoneuk/material-about-library) - Makes it easy to create a beautiful about screen.
- [MPAndroidChart](https://github.com/PhilJay/MPAndroidChart) - A powerful & easy to use chart library for Android
- [RecyclerView Animators](https://github.com/wasabeef/recyclerview-animators) - A library to easily create RecyclerView with animations.


## Contributing

PPayed app is a free and open source project. Any contributions are welcome. Here are a few ways you can help:
 * [Report bugs and make suggestions.](https://github.com/kabirnayeem99/android_paymentpaid_app/issues)
 * [Translate the app](https://github.com/kabirnayeem99/PPayed/tree/main/app/src/main/res).
 * Write some code. Please follow the code style used in the project to make a review process faster.

## License

This application is released under GNU GPLv2 (see [LICENSE](LICENSE)).
Some of the used libraries are released under different licenses.
